---
title: Week 1 blog
layout: post
author: jasper.fox
permalink: /week-1-blog/
source-id: 1xxquQw2JjUGZ883wUoyFZoLdjVNIX0go_xSnD43UnYI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>My First blog Of Year 8</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>16.09.18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Mr Burn explained what his expectations were for is</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To successfully learn and understand our targets for Year 8 and to start a new repository on github and to start a new website.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes, I reached my target for this lesson as I successfully understood the targets we have in ICT for year 8 and I also started a new blog. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>When we were writing the code we came across problems in our way. We had to persevere so we could get through the problems and do our work. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>When I had a question on anything in the lesson or I didn't understand something, I made sure to put up my hand to ask the teacher. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>In the lesson we had to independently create our blog and add some CSS to make it look better. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>After the lesson I reflected on how I could have achieved more in the lesson and what i could have done better. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>When Mr Burn was explaining our targets and expectations I had to be fully engaged so I could understand and remember what he was telling us. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think to Improve my learning I could have done more work on the CSS in the lesson as I had quite a lot of time to do it and doing this would have given me less homework. </td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, to improve my learning, I will try to work more efficiently on my tasks so I can get them done faster and so that I can learn more in the lessons. </td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


